alright guys quick video on connecting
your ps4 to your HDMI or I mean that
your HD PVR not working fine and simply
you can go to ps3 and try to hook it up
they're wrong through the URL got
something L got to everybody else really
they'll gotta i think is the only thing
i can do hdmi stuff so the only way to
do that is to go to like put make your
input device ii like it flashes on and
then it flashes off sometimes but it's
like glitching up the TV that's what's
going to happen as of today the first
day the ps4 is release this is most
likely going to change but right now all
my TV is doing is glitching up ain't
doing nothing because look at that it is
it's all screwed up but um nuts happen
and I put Xbox on the elgato as long as
what uh what I'm trying to record
because that's the only thing that can
use an HDMI the ps3 only has component
everything else is blanked out so I'll
got those going to have to definitely do
an update if they cannot allow that but
you can choose other also so you choose
other you try to connect using that the
screen just popped on and right back off
so I'm sure they got that uh that ps4 d
CHP protection or whatever they call it
because is it ain't working so just want
to let everybody know if you try to
connect it right for right now I don't
know how to do it I'll try to live
string through the system because um
right now ain't working so let's see
like I'll try to change back the xbox
let's try the wii u because we uses hdmi
c is it connected c is switching all is
going going nuts but nothing happening
try to connect through the 360 it'll say
that it fills the input like is there
but that protection is stopping it so
hopefully somebody finds a way around it
that won't distort the quality of it
we'll see i'm definitely going to be
looking
round for it if I can find one out post
a video about it but right now we ain't
got anything that will record your
gameplay from the jump so we recorded
from phones again like when we first
started e 2 but that's all I want to say
see you guys later peace